Adding debug for containers in IDEs (#1106)
UCL-INGI/INGInious: doc/admin_doc/install_doc/config_reference.rst

    ``tmp_dir``
        A directory whose absolute path must be available by the docker daemon and INGInious at the same time. By default, it is ``./agent_tmp``.

>     ``tmp_dir``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    ``debugger``
```

>         Indicates if container debugging is enabled. It is available only for Pycharm's debugging with a python debug server using port 5678. It is disabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        Enables container debugging if set to ``true``. It is available only for Pycharm's debugging with a python debug server using port 5678. It is disabled by default.
```
